In the Caribbean, the very best is a beautiful island of San Andres
On Johnny Key down on Sunday beach, the pretty sun are like golden peach
Take me back to my San Andres, through the waves and the coral reef
Back to be in the sunshine bright, oh where the sea changes colors day and night
San Andres is like a paradise, with the coconut trees and the fireflies
Underneath the bright blue sky, the lovely people go passing by
Take me back to my San Andres, through the waves and the coral reef
Back to be in the sunshine bright, oh where the sea changes colors day and night
Tall brown girls and strapping boys, the rolling waves and the moonlight night
And anywhere in the world you be, San Andres will be in your memory
So anywhere in the world you be, San Andres will be in your memory
So now, take me back to my San Andres, through the waves and the coral reef
Back to be in the sunshine bright, oh where the sea changes colors day and night
Take me back to my San Andres, through the waves and the coral reef
Take me back to this here wonderful island, inna the Caribbean Sea, oh can't you see
Well, well, well, well, take me back to this here wonderful island, inna the Caribbean Sea
Oh yeah, yeah